_anaconda_depends         2020.07                  py37_0  
_ipyw_jlab_nb_ext_conf    0.1.0                    py37_0  
_r-mutex                  1.0.1               anacondar_1    conda-forge
alabaster                 0.7.12                     py_0    conda-forge
anaconda                  custom                   py37_1  
anaconda-client           1.7.2                      py_0    conda-forge
anaconda-navigator        1.9.12                   py37_0  
anaconda-project          0.8.4                      py_0  
applaunchservices         0.2.1                      py_0    conda-forge
appnope                   0.1.0           py37hc8dfbb8_1002    conda-forge
appscript                 1.1.1            py37h60d8a13_1    conda-forge
argh                      0.26.2          pyh9f0ad1d_1002    conda-forge
argon2-cffi               20.1.0           py37h60d8a13_2    conda-forge
argparse                  1.4.0                    pypi_0    pypi
asn1crypto                1.4.0              pyh9f0ad1d_0    conda-forge
asteval                   0.9.18                   pypi_0    pypi
astroid                   2.4.2            py37hc8dfbb8_1    conda-forge
astropy                   4.0.3            py37h60d8a13_0    conda-forge
async_generator           1.10                       py_0    conda-forge
atmosp                    0.2.9                    pypi_0    pypi
atomicwrites              1.4.0              pyh9f0ad1d_0    conda-forge
attrs                     20.2.0             pyh9f0ad1d_0    conda-forge
autopep8                  1.5.4              pyh9f0ad1d_0    conda-forge
babel                     2.8.0                      py_0    conda-forge
backcall                  0.2.0              pyh9f0ad1d_0    conda-forge
backports                 1.0                        py_2    conda-forge
backports.functools_lru_cache 1.6.1                      py_0    conda-forge
backports.shutil_get_terminal_size 1.0.0                      py_3    conda-forge
backports.tempfile        1.0                        py_0    conda-forge
backports.weakref         1.0.post1       py37hc8dfbb8_1002    conda-forge
beautifulsoup4            4.9.3              pyhb0f4dca_0    conda-forge
bitarray                  1.6.0            py37h60d8a13_0    conda-forge
bkcharts                  0.2                      py37_0  
blas                      1.0                         mkl  
bleach                    3.2.1              pyh9f0ad1d_0    conda-forge
blosc                     1.20.1               hb1e8313_0    conda-forge
bokeh                     2.2.2            py37hc8dfbb8_0    conda-forge
boost-cpp                 1.74.0               he5d75e3_0    conda-forge
boto                      2.49.0                     py_0    conda-forge
bottleneck                1.3.2            py37h57c32b8_2    conda-forge
brotli                    1.0.9                hb1e8313_2    conda-forge
brotlipy                  0.7.0           py37h395d20d_1001    conda-forge
brunsli                   0.1                  hb1e8313_0    conda-forge
bwidget                   1.9.14                        0    conda-forge
bzip2                     1.0.8                haf1e3a3_3    conda-forge
c-ares                    1.16.1               haf1e3a3_3    conda-forge
ca-certificates           2020.10.14                    0  
cairo                     1.16.0            ha8983da_1005    conda-forge
cctools_osx-64            949.0.1             h8e49ea9_16    conda-forge
cdsapi                    0.2.5                    pypi_0    pypi
certifi                   2020.6.20        py37h2987424_2    conda-forge
cffi                      1.14.3           py37hed5b41f_0  
cfitsio                   3.470                h4472c5d_7    conda-forge
cftime                    1.2.1            py37h57c32b8_1    conda-forge
chaospy                   3.2.4                    pypi_0    pypi
chardet                   3.0.4           py37h2987424_1008    conda-forge
charls                    2.1.0                h4a8c4bd_2    conda-forge
cheroot                   8.2.1                    pypi_0    pypi
cherrypy                  18.5.0                   pypi_0    pypi
clang                     10.0.1          default_hf57f61e_1    conda-forge
clang_osx-64              10.0.1              h05bbb7f_10    conda-forge
clangxx                   10.0.1          default_hf57f61e_1    conda-forge
clangxx_osx-64            10.0.1              h05bbb7f_10    conda-forge
click                     7.1.2              pyh9f0ad1d_0    conda-forge
click-plugins             1.1.1                      py_0    conda-forge
cligj                     0.6.0              pyh9f0ad1d_0    conda-forge
cloudpickle               1.6.0                      py_0    conda-forge
clyent                    1.2.2                      py_1    conda-forge
colorama                  0.4.4              pyh9f0ad1d_0    conda-forge
compiler-rt               10.0.1               he6db49b_0    conda-forge
compiler-rt_osx-64        10.0.1               h033240e_0    conda-forge
conda                     4.9.0            py37h2987424_1    conda-forge
conda-build               3.20.4           py37h2987424_1    conda-forge
conda-env                 2.6.0                         1    conda-forge
conda-package-handling    1.7.2            py37h395d20d_0    conda-forge
conda-verify              3.4.2                      py_1  
contextlib2               0.6.0.post1                py_0    conda-forge
cryptography              3.1.1            py37h55b06a8_1    conda-forge
curl                      7.71.1               hcb81553_8    conda-forge
cycler                    0.10.0                     py_2    conda-forge
cyrus-sasl                2.1.27               h1fe27e0_1    conda-forge
cython                    0.29.21          py37h08f6e3d_1    conda-forge
cytoolz                   0.11.0           py37h60d8a13_1    conda-forge
dask                      2.30.0                     py_0    conda-forge
dask-core                 2.30.0                     py_0    conda-forge
dbus                      1.13.18              h18a8e69_0  
decorator                 4.4.2                      py_0    conda-forge
defusedxml                0.6.0                      py_0    conda-forge
diff-match-patch          20200713           pyh9f0ad1d_0    conda-forge
dill                      0.3.2              pyh9f0ad1d_0    conda-forge
distributed               2.30.0           py37hc8dfbb8_1    conda-forge
docutils                  0.16             py37h2987424_2    conda-forge
docx                      0.2.4                    pypi_0    pypi
dss-python                0.10.1                   pypi_0    pypi
entrypoints               0.3             py37hc8dfbb8_1002    conda-forge
et_xmlfile                1.0.1                   py_1001    conda-forge
expat                     2.2.10               hb1e8313_2  
f90nml                    1.1.2                    pypi_0    pypi
fastcache                 1.1.0            py37h60d8a13_2    conda-forge
feedparser                5.2.1                    pypi_0    pypi
filelock                  3.0.12             pyh9f0ad1d_0    conda-forge
fiona                     1.8.17           py37h8cd0b58_1    conda-forge
flake8                    3.8.4                      py_0    conda-forge
flask                     1.1.2              pyh9f0ad1d_0    conda-forge
floweaver                 2.0.0a5                  pypi_0    pypi
font-ttf-dejavu-sans-mono 2.37                 hab24e00_0    conda-forge
font-ttf-inconsolata      2.001                hab24e00_0    conda-forge
font-ttf-source-code-pro  2.030                hab24e00_0    conda-forge
font-ttf-ubuntu           0.83                 hab24e00_0    conda-forge
fontconfig                2.13.1            h79c0d67_1002    conda-forge
fonts-anaconda            1                    h8fa9717_0  
freetype                  2.10.4               ha233b18_0    conda-forge
freetype-py               2.1.0.post1              pypi_0    pypi
freexl                    1.0.5             h0b31af3_1002    conda-forge
fribidi                   1.0.10               h0b31af3_0    conda-forge
fsspec                    0.8.4                      py_0    conda-forge
future                    0.18.2           py37hc8dfbb8_2    conda-forge
gdal                      3.1.3            py37h7dd501f_1    conda-forge
geojson                   2.5.0                      py_0    conda-forge
geopandas                 0.8.1                      py_0    conda-forge
geos                      3.8.1                h4a8c4bd_0    conda-forge
geotiff                   1.6.0                hc1004f4_3    conda-forge
get_terminal_size         1.0.0                h7520d66_0  
gettext                   0.19.8.1             h1f1d5ed_1    conda-forge
gevent                    20.9.0           py37h60d8a13_1    conda-forge
gfortran_impl_osx-64      9.3.0               h7d6baa2_13    conda-forge
gfortran_osx-64           9.3.0               h2de5253_10    conda-forge
giflib                    5.2.1                h0b31af3_2    conda-forge
glib                      2.66.1               h9bbe63b_0  
glob2                     0.7                        py_0    conda-forge
gmp                       6.2.0                hb1e8313_3    conda-forge
gmpy2                     2.1.0b1          py37h3e34a1a_1    conda-forge
graphite2                 1.3.14               h38d11af_0  
graphviz                  2.42.3               h98dfb87_0    conda-forge
greenlet                  0.4.17           py37h60d8a13_1    conda-forge
gsl                       2.6                  ha2d443c_0    conda-forge
h5py                      2.10.0          nompi_py37h6d80030_105    conda-forge
harfbuzz                  2.7.2                h8810732_0    conda-forge
hdf4                      4.2.13            h84186c3_1003    conda-forge
hdf5                      1.10.6          nompi_h2ccf146_1110    conda-forge
heapdict                  1.0.1                      py_0    conda-forge
html5lib                  1.1                pyh9f0ad1d_0    conda-forge
icu                       67.1                 hb1e8313_0    conda-forge
idna                      2.10               pyh9f0ad1d_0    conda-forge
imagecodecs               2020.5.30        py37h56fef80_4    conda-forge
imageio                   2.9.0                      py_0    conda-forge
imagesize                 1.2.0                      py_0    conda-forge
importlib-metadata        2.0.0                      py_1    conda-forge
importlib_metadata        2.0.0                         1    conda-forge
iniconfig                 1.1.1                      py_0  
intel-openmp              2019.4                      233  
intervaltree              3.1.0                      py_0  
ipykernel                 5.3.4            py37hc6149b9_1    conda-forge
ipython                   7.18.1           py37hc6149b9_1    conda-forge
ipython_genutils          0.2.0                      py_1    conda-forge
ipywidgets                7.5.1              pyh9f0ad1d_1    conda-forge
isl                       0.22.1               h3a6d616_1    conda-forge
isort                     5.6.4                      py_0    conda-forge
itsdangerous              1.1.0                      py_0    conda-forge
jaraco-classes            3.1.0                    pypi_0    pypi
jaraco-collections        3.0.0                    pypi_0    pypi
jaraco-functools          3.0.0                    pypi_0    pypi
jaraco-text               3.2.0                    pypi_0    pypi
jbig                      2.1               h0b31af3_2002    conda-forge
jdcal                     1.4.1                      py_0    conda-forge
jedi                      0.17.1           py37hc8dfbb8_0    conda-forge
jinja2                    2.11.2             pyh9f0ad1d_0    conda-forge
joblib                    0.17.0                     py_0    conda-forge
jpeg                      9d                   h0b31af3_0    conda-forge
json-c                    0.13.1            h575e443_1002    conda-forge
json5                     0.9.5              pyh9f0ad1d_0    conda-forge
jsonschema                3.2.0                      py_2    conda-forge
jupyter                   1.0.0                      py_2    conda-forge
jupyter_client            6.1.7                      py_0    conda-forge
jupyter_console           6.2.0                      py_0    conda-forge
jupyter_core              4.6.3            py37hc8dfbb8_2    conda-forge
jupyterlab                2.2.8                      py_0    conda-forge
jupyterlab_pygments       0.1.2              pyh9f0ad1d_0    conda-forge
jupyterlab_server         1.2.0                      py_0    conda-forge
jxrlib                    1.1                  h0b31af3_2    conda-forge
kealib                    1.4.13               h40102fb_1    conda-forge
keyring                   21.4.0           py37hc8dfbb8_2    conda-forge
kiwisolver                1.2.0            py37hb449ec0_1    conda-forge
krb5                      1.17.1               h75d18d8_3    conda-forge
lazy-object-proxy         1.4.3            py37h60d8a13_2    conda-forge
lcms2                     2.11                 h174193d_0    conda-forge
ld64_osx-64               530                  h3c32e8a_7    conda-forge
ldid                      2.1.2                h7660a38_2    conda-forge
lerc                      2.2                  hb1e8313_0    conda-forge
libaec                    1.0.4                h4a8c4bd_1    conda-forge
libarchive                3.4.3                hf12134e_0    conda-forge
libblas                   3.9.0           1_h508aa58_netlib    conda-forge
libcblas                  3.9.0           1_h508aa58_netlib    conda-forge
libclang                  10.0.1          default_hf57f61e_1    conda-forge
libclang-cpp10            10.0.1          default_hf57f61e_1    conda-forge
libcurl                   7.71.1               h9bf37e3_8    conda-forge
libcxx                    11.0.0               h439d374_0    conda-forge
libdap4                   3.20.6               h993cace_1    conda-forge
libedit                   3.1.20191231         h0678c8f_2    conda-forge
libev                     4.33                 haf1e3a3_1    conda-forge
libffi                    3.3                  hb1e8313_2  
libgdal                   3.1.3                hd7bf8dc_1    conda-forge
libgfortran               5.0.0               h7cc5361_13    conda-forge
libgfortran-devel_osx-64  9.3.0               h7cc5361_13    conda-forge
libgfortran5              9.3.0               h7cc5361_13    conda-forge
libiconv                  1.16                 haf1e3a3_0    conda-forge
libkml                    1.3.0             h8ca2c65_1012    conda-forge
liblapack                 3.9.0           1_h508aa58_netlib    conda-forge
liblief                   0.10.1               hb1e8313_2    conda-forge
libllvm10                 10.0.1               h009f743_3    conda-forge
libllvm11                 11.0.0               hf85e3d2_0    conda-forge
libllvm9                  9.0.1                h7475705_1    conda-forge
libnetcdf                 4.7.4           nompi_hc5b2cf3_105    conda-forge
libnghttp2                1.41.0               h7580e61_2    conda-forge
libntlm                   1.5                  h1de35cc_0  
libpng                    1.6.37               hb0a8c7a_2    conda-forge
libpq                     12.3                 haa216e0_2    conda-forge
libsodium                 1.0.18               haf1e3a3_1    conda-forge
libspatialindex           1.9.3                h4a8c4bd_3    conda-forge
libspatialite             5.0.0                hc85de81_0    conda-forge
libssh2                   1.9.0                h8a08a2b_5    conda-forge
libtiff                   4.1.0                h2ae36a8_6    conda-forge
libwebp-base              1.1.0                h0b31af3_3    conda-forge
libxml2                   2.9.10               h2c6e4a5_2    conda-forge
libxslt                   1.1.33               h29b7fa6_1    conda-forge
libzopfli                 1.0.3                h4a8c4bd_0    conda-forge
linecache2                1.0.0                    pypi_0    pypi
llvm-openmp               11.0.0               h73239a0_1    conda-forge
llvm-tools                10.0.1               h1341992_3    conda-forge
llvmlite                  0.34.0           py37h3986384_2    conda-forge
lmfit                     1.0.0                    pypi_0    pypi
locket                    0.2.0                      py_2    conda-forge
lxml                      4.6.1            py37h091d85b_0    conda-forge
lz4-c                     1.9.2                hb1e8313_3    conda-forge
lzo                       2.10              haf1e3a3_1000    conda-forge
make                      4.3                  h22f3db7_1    conda-forge
markupsafe                1.1.1            py37h395d20d_2    conda-forge
matplotlib                3.3.2            py37hc8dfbb8_1    conda-forge
matplotlib-base           3.3.2            py37h14374fa_1    conda-forge
mccabe                    0.6.1                      py_1    conda-forge
mistune                   0.8.4           py37h60d8a13_1002    conda-forge
mkl                       2019.5                      281    conda-forge
mkl-service               2.3.0            py37h0b31af3_0    conda-forge
mkl_fft                   1.2.0            py37hc64f4ea_0  
mkl_random                1.1.1            py37h959d312_0  
mock                      4.0.2            py37hc8dfbb8_1    conda-forge
more-itertools            8.5.0                      py_0    conda-forge
mpc                       1.1.0             ha57cd0f_1009    conda-forge
mpfr                      4.0.2                h72d8aaf_1    conda-forge
mpmath                    1.1.0                      py_0    conda-forge
msgpack-python            1.0.0            py37hb449ec0_2    conda-forge
multipledispatch          0.6.0                      py_0    conda-forge
munch                     2.5.0                      py_0    conda-forge
mysql-common              8.0.21                        2    conda-forge
mysql-libs                8.0.21               hfb8f7af_2    conda-forge
navigator-updater         0.2.1                    py37_0  
nbclient                  0.5.1                      py_0    conda-forge
nbconvert                 6.0.7            py37hc8dfbb8_1    conda-forge
nbformat                  5.0.8                      py_0    conda-forge
ncurses                   6.2                  hb1e8313_2    conda-forge
nest-asyncio              1.4.1                      py_0    conda-forge
netcdf4                   1.5.4           nompi_py37h08081e3_103    conda-forge
networkx                  2.5                        py_0    conda-forge
nltk                      3.5                        py_0  
nose                      1.3.7                   py_1006    conda-forge
notebook                  6.1.4            py37hc8dfbb8_1    conda-forge
nspr                      4.29                 hb1e8313_1    conda-forge
nss                       3.47                 hc0980d9_0    conda-forge
numba                     0.51.2           py37h6d0141a_0    conda-forge
numexpr                   2.7.1            py37h6d0141a_3    conda-forge
numpoly                   0.1.11                   pypi_0    pypi
numpy                     1.19.1           py37h3b9f5b6_0  
numpy-base                1.19.1           py37hcfb5961_0  
numpydoc                  1.1.0                      py_1    conda-forge
olefile                   0.46               pyh9f0ad1d_1    conda-forge
opendssdirect-py          0.3.7                    pypi_0    pypi
openjdk                   8.0.265              haf1e3a3_0    conda-forge
openjpeg                  2.3.1                h254dc36_3    conda-forge
openpyxl                  3.0.5                      py_0    conda-forge
openssl                   1.1.1h               haf1e3a3_0    conda-forge
packaging                 20.4               pyh9f0ad1d_0    conda-forge
palettable                3.3.0                    pypi_0    pypi
pandas                    0.25.3                   pypi_0    pypi
pandoc                    2.11.0.2             h22f3db7_0    conda-forge
pandocfilters             1.4.2                      py_1    conda-forge
pango                     1.42.4               haa940fe_4    conda-forge
parso                     0.7.0                      py_0  
partd                     1.1.0                      py_0    conda-forge
path                      15.0.0           py37hc8dfbb8_1    conda-forge
path.py                   12.5.0                        0    conda-forge
pathlib2                  2.3.5            py37hc8dfbb8_1    conda-forge
pathtools                 0.1.2                      py_1    conda-forge
patsy                     0.5.1                      py_0    conda-forge
pattern3                  3.0.0                    pypi_0    pypi
pcre                      8.44                 hb1e8313_0    conda-forge
pcre2                     10.35                h977ceac_0    conda-forge
pdfminer-six              20200121                 pypi_0    pypi
pdfminer3k                1.3.1                    pypi_0    pypi
pep8                      1.7.1                      py_0    conda-forge
pexpect                   4.8.0              pyh9f0ad1d_2    conda-forge
pickleshare               0.7.5                   py_1003    conda-forge
pillow                    8.0.0            py37hf860fee_0    conda-forge
pint                      0.10.1                   pypi_0    pypi
pip                       20.2.4                     py_0    conda-forge
pixman                    0.38.0            h01d97ff_1003    conda-forge
pkginfo                   1.5.0.1                    py_0    conda-forge
pluggy                    0.13.1           py37hc8dfbb8_3    conda-forge
ply                       3.11                       py_1    conda-forge
polyline                  1.4.0                      py_0    conda-forge
poppler                   0.89.0               h3232a60_1    conda-forge
poppler-data              0.4.9                         1    conda-forge
portend                   2.6                      pypi_0    pypi
postgresql                12.3                 hb1f69c7_2    conda-forge
proj                      7.1.1                h45baca5_3    conda-forge
prometheus_client         0.8.0              pyh9f0ad1d_0    conda-forge
prompt-toolkit            3.0.8                      py_0    conda-forge
prompt_toolkit            3.0.8                         0    conda-forge
psutil                    5.7.2            py37h395d20d_1    conda-forge
ptyprocess                0.6.0                   py_1001    conda-forge
py                        1.9.0              pyh9f0ad1d_0    conda-forge
py-lief                   0.10.1           py37h08f6e3d_2    conda-forge
pycodestyle               2.6.0              pyh9f0ad1d_0    conda-forge
pycosat                   0.6.3           py37h395d20d_1005    conda-forge
pycparser                 2.20               pyh9f0ad1d_2    conda-forge
pycrypto                  2.6.1           py37h395d20d_1005    conda-forge
pycryptodome              3.9.4                    pypi_0    pypi
pycurl                    7.43.0.6         py37hddc9c9b_0  
pydocstyle                5.1.1                      py_0    conda-forge
pyflakes                  2.2.0              pyh9f0ad1d_0    conda-forge
pygments                  2.7.1                      py_0    conda-forge
pylint                    2.6.0            py37hc8dfbb8_1    conda-forge
pyodbc                    4.0.30           py37hdadc0f0_1    conda-forge
pyopenssl                 19.1.0                     py_1    conda-forge
pyparsing                 2.4.7              pyh9f0ad1d_0    conda-forge
pyproj                    2.6.1.post1      py37hee79b95_3    conda-forge
pyqt                      5.12.3           py37h25ebb8a_4    conda-forge
pyqt5-sip                 4.19.18                  pypi_0    pypi
pyqtchart                 5.12                     pypi_0    pypi
pyqtwebengine             5.12.1                   pypi_0    pypi
pyrsistent                0.17.3           py37h60d8a13_1    conda-forge
pysocks                   1.7.1            py37h2987424_2    conda-forge
pytables                  3.6.1            py37he7827f7_2    conda-forge
pytest                    6.1.1            py37hc8dfbb8_1    conda-forge
python                    3.7.9                h26836e1_0  
python-dateutil           2.8.1                      py_0    conda-forge
python-graphviz           0.14.2             pyh9f0ad1d_0    conda-forge
python-jsonrpc-server     0.4.0              pyh9f0ad1d_0    conda-forge
python-language-server    0.35.1                     py_0    conda-forge
python-libarchive-c       2.9              py37h2987424_2    conda-forge
python.app                2                       py37_10  
python_abi                3.7                     1_cp37m    conda-forge
pytz                      2020.1             pyh9f0ad1d_0    conda-forge
pywavelets                1.1.1            py37h57c32b8_3    conda-forge
pyyaml                    5.3.1            py37h395d20d_1    conda-forge
pyzmq                     19.0.2           py37hf1e22d8_2    conda-forge
qdarkstyle                2.8.1              pyh9f0ad1d_1    conda-forge
qt                        5.12.9               h717870c_0    conda-forge
qtawesome                 1.0.1              pyh9f0ad1d_0    conda-forge
qtconsole                 4.7.7              pyh9f0ad1d_0    conda-forge
qtpy                      1.9.0                      py_0    conda-forge
r-askpass                 1.1               r40h17f1fa6_2    conda-forge
r-assertthat              0.2.1             r40h6115d3f_2    conda-forge
r-backports               1.1.10            r40h800e0f2_0    conda-forge
r-base                    4.0.3                h4e04f09_1    conda-forge
r-base64enc               0.1_3           r40h17f1fa6_1004    conda-forge
r-bit                     4.0.4             r40h800e0f2_0    conda-forge
r-bit64                   4.0.5             r40h800e0f2_0    conda-forge
r-bitops                  1.0_6           r40h17f1fa6_1004    conda-forge
r-blob                    1.2.1             r40h6115d3f_1    conda-forge
r-catools                 1.18.0            r40hc5da6b9_1    conda-forge
r-cellranger              1.1.0           r40h6115d3f_1003    conda-forge
r-cli                     2.1.0             r40h142f84f_0    conda-forge
r-clipr                   0.7.1             r40h142f84f_0    conda-forge
r-codetools               0.2_17            r40h142f84f_0    conda-forge
r-commonmark              1.7             r40h17f1fa6_1002    conda-forge
r-config                  0.3             r40h6115d3f_1003    conda-forge
r-cpp11                   0.2.3             r40h142f84f_0    conda-forge
r-crayon                  1.3.4           r40h6115d3f_1003    conda-forge
r-curl                    4.3               r40h17f1fa6_1    conda-forge
r-dbi                     1.1.0             r40h6115d3f_1    conda-forge
r-dbplyr                  1.4.4             r40h6115d3f_0    conda-forge
r-digest                  0.6.26            r40h342fd00_0    conda-forge
r-dplyr                   1.0.2             r40h710217c_0    conda-forge
r-ellipsis                0.3.1             r40h17f1fa6_0    conda-forge
r-evaluate                0.14              r40h6115d3f_2    conda-forge
r-fansi                   0.4.1             r40h17f1fa6_1    conda-forge
r-fastmap                 1.0.1             r40hc5da6b9_1    conda-forge
r-forcats                 0.5.0             r40h6115d3f_1    conda-forge
r-forge                   0.2.0             r40h6115d3f_3    conda-forge
r-generics                0.0.2           r40h6115d3f_1003    conda-forge
r-globals                 0.13.1            r40h142f84f_0    conda-forge
r-glue                    1.4.2             r40h800e0f2_0    conda-forge
r-haven                   2.3.1             r40hee97c7f_0    conda-forge
r-highr                   0.8               r40h6115d3f_2    conda-forge
r-hms                     0.5.3             r40h6115d3f_1    conda-forge
r-htmltools               0.5.0             r40hc5da6b9_0    conda-forge
r-htmlwidgets             1.5.2             r40h142f84f_0    conda-forge
r-httpuv                  1.5.4             r40hc5da6b9_0    conda-forge
r-httr                    1.4.2             r40h6115d3f_0    conda-forge
r-jsonlite                1.7.1             r40h800e0f2_0    conda-forge
r-knitr                   1.30              r40h6115d3f_0    conda-forge
r-later                   1.1.0.1           r40hc5da6b9_0    conda-forge
r-lifecycle               0.2.0             r40h6115d3f_1    conda-forge
r-magrittr                1.5             r40h6115d3f_1003    conda-forge
r-markdown                1.1               r40h17f1fa6_1    conda-forge
r-mime                    0.9               r40h17f1fa6_1    conda-forge
r-miniui                  0.1.1.1         r40h6115d3f_1002    conda-forge
r-mongolite               2.2.0             r40h17f1fa6_1    conda-forge
r-odbc                    1.2.3             r40hc5da6b9_0    conda-forge
r-openssl                 1.4.3             r40ha713f70_0    conda-forge
r-packrat                 0.5.0           r40h6115d3f_1002    conda-forge
r-pillar                  1.4.6             r40h6115d3f_0    conda-forge
r-pkgconfig               2.0.3             r40h6115d3f_1    conda-forge
r-pki                     0.1_7             r40h17f1fa6_1    conda-forge
r-prettyunits             1.1.1             r40h6115d3f_1    conda-forge
r-profvis                 0.3.6             r40h17f1fa6_2    conda-forge
r-progress                1.2.2             r40h6115d3f_2    conda-forge
r-promises                1.1.1             r40hc5da6b9_0    conda-forge
r-purrr                   0.3.4             r40h17f1fa6_1    conda-forge
r-r2d3                    0.2.3           r40h6115d3f_1002    conda-forge
r-r6                      2.4.1             r40h6115d3f_1    conda-forge
r-rappdirs                0.3.1           r40h17f1fa6_1004    conda-forge
r-rcpp                    1.0.5             r40hc5da6b9_0    conda-forge
r-rcurl                   1.98_1.2          r40h17f1fa6_1    conda-forge
r-readr                   1.4.0             r40h342fd00_0    conda-forge
r-readxl                  1.3.1             r40hee97c7f_4    conda-forge
r-rematch                 1.0.1           r40h6115d3f_1003    conda-forge
r-rjava                   0.9_13            r40h17f1fa6_3    conda-forge
r-rjdbc                   0.2_8             r40h6115d3f_1    conda-forge
r-rjson                   0.2.20          r40hc5da6b9_1002    conda-forge
r-rjsonio                 1.3_1.4           r40hc5da6b9_1    conda-forge
r-rlang                   0.4.7             r40h17f1fa6_0    conda-forge
r-rmarkdown               2.4               r40h142f84f_0    conda-forge
r-rngwell                 0.10_6            r40h17f1fa6_1    conda-forge
r-rprojroot               1.3_2           r40h6115d3f_1003    conda-forge
r-rsconnect               0.8.16            r40h6115d3f_1    conda-forge
r-rstudioapi              0.11              r40h6115d3f_1    conda-forge
r-shiny                   1.5.0             r40h6115d3f_0    conda-forge
r-sourcetools             0.1.7           r40h4a8c4bd_1002    conda-forge
r-sparklyr                1.4.0             r40h6115d3f_0    conda-forge
r-stringi                 1.5.3             r40ha4098bd_0    conda-forge
r-stringr                 1.4.0             r40h6115d3f_2    conda-forge
r-sys                     3.4               r40h800e0f2_0    conda-forge
r-tibble                  3.0.4             r40hb5ad454_0    conda-forge
r-tidyr                   1.1.2             r40h710217c_0    conda-forge
r-tidyselect              1.1.0             r40h6115d3f_0    conda-forge
r-tinytex                 0.26              r40h6115d3f_0    conda-forge
r-utf8                    1.1.4           r40h17f1fa6_1003    conda-forge
r-uuid                    0.1_4             r40h17f1fa6_1    conda-forge
r-vctrs                   0.3.4             r40h800e0f2_0    conda-forge
r-withr                   2.3.0             r40h6115d3f_0    conda-forge
r-xfun                    0.18              r40h800e0f2_0    conda-forge
r-xml2                    1.3.2             r40hc5da6b9_1    conda-forge
r-xtable                  1.8_4             r40h6115d3f_3    conda-forge
r-yaml                    2.2.1             r40h17f1fa6_1    conda-forge
r-zeallot                 0.1.0           r40h6115d3f_1002    conda-forge
readline                  8.0                  h0678c8f_2    conda-forge
regex                     2020.10.15       py37h60d8a13_0    conda-forge
requests                  2.24.0             pyh9f0ad1d_0    conda-forge
ripgrep                   12.1.1               haf1e3a3_1    conda-forge
rope                      0.18.0             pyh9f0ad1d_0    conda-forge
rstudio                   1.1.456              h04f5b5a_1  
rtree                     0.9.4            py37h8526d28_1    conda-forge
ruamel_yaml               0.15.87          py37haf1e3a3_1  
scikit-image              0.17.2           py37h6d0141a_3    conda-forge
scikit-learn              0.23.2           py37h913f0e7_1    conda-forge
scipy                     1.5.2            py37ha9eab96_2    conda-forge
seaborn                   0.11.0                        0    conda-forge
seaborn-base              0.11.0                     py_0    conda-forge
send2trash                1.5.0                      py_0    conda-forge
setuptools                50.3.0           py37h0dc7051_1  
shapely                   1.7.1            py37h40e7c26_1    conda-forge
simplegeneric             0.8.1                      py_1    conda-forge
simplejson                3.17.0                   pypi_0    pypi
singledispatch            3.4.0.3         pyh9f0ad1d_1001    conda-forge
sip                       4.19.24          py37hdadc0f0_2    conda-forge
six                       1.15.0             pyh9f0ad1d_0    conda-forge
snappy                    1.1.8                hb1e8313_3    conda-forge
snowballstemmer           2.0.0                      py_0    conda-forge
sobol-seq                 0.1.2                    pypi_0    pypi
sortedcollections         1.2.1              pyh9f0ad1d_0    conda-forge
sortedcontainers          2.2.2              pyh9f0ad1d_0    conda-forge
soupsieve                 2.0.1                      py_1    conda-forge
sphinx                    3.2.1                      py_0    conda-forge
sphinxcontrib             1.0                      py37_1  
sphinxcontrib-applehelp   1.0.2                      py_0    conda-forge
sphinxcontrib-devhelp     1.0.2                      py_0    conda-forge
sphinxcontrib-htmlhelp    1.0.3                      py_0    conda-forge
sphinxcontrib-jsmath      1.0.1                      py_0    conda-forge
sphinxcontrib-qthelp      1.0.3                      py_0    conda-forge
sphinxcontrib-serializinghtml 1.1.4                      py_0    conda-forge
sphinxcontrib-websupport  1.2.4              pyh9f0ad1d_0    conda-forge
spyder                    4.1.5            py37hc8dfbb8_0    conda-forge
spyder-kernels            1.9.4            py37hc8dfbb8_0    conda-forge
sqlalchemy                1.3.20           py37h60d8a13_0    conda-forge
sqlite                    3.33.0               h960bd1c_1    conda-forge
statsmodels               0.12.0           py37h57c32b8_1    conda-forge
stebbs-c                  1.0                      pypi_0    pypi
supy                      2020.2.2                 pypi_0    pypi
supy-driver               2019b5                   pypi_0    pypi
sympy                     1.6.2            py37hc8dfbb8_1    conda-forge
tapi                      1000.10.8            h879752b_4    conda-forge
tbb                       2020.3               h879752b_0  
tblib                     1.7.0                      py_0  
tempora                   2.1.0                    pypi_0    pypi
terminado                 0.9.1            py37hc8dfbb8_1    conda-forge
testpath                  0.4.4                      py_0    conda-forge
threadpoolctl             2.1.0              pyh5ca1d4c_0    conda-forge
tifffile                  2020.10.1                  py_0    conda-forge
tiledb                    2.1.1                h73727fa_1    conda-forge
tk                        8.6.10               hb0a8c7a_1    conda-forge
tktable                   2.10                 h008db23_3    conda-forge
toml                      0.10.1             pyh9f0ad1d_0    conda-forge
toolz                     0.11.1                     py_0    conda-forge
tornado                   6.0.4            py37h60d8a13_2    conda-forge
tqdm                      4.50.2             pyh9f0ad1d_0    conda-forge
traceback2                1.4.0                    pypi_0    pypi
traitlets                 5.0.5                      py_0    conda-forge
typed-ast                 1.4.1            py37h0b31af3_0    conda-forge
typing_extensions         3.7.4.3                    py_0    conda-forge
tzcode                    2020a                h0b31af3_0    conda-forge
ujson                     4.0.1            py37hdadc0f0_1    conda-forge
uncertainties             3.1.2                    pypi_0    pypi
unicodecsv                0.14.1                     py_1    conda-forge
unittest2                 1.1.0                    pypi_0    pypi
unixodbc                  2.3.9                hcdbd15d_0    conda-forge
urllib3                   1.25.11                    py_0    conda-forge
watchdog                  0.10.3           py37h60d8a13_2    conda-forge
wcwidth                   0.2.5              pyh9f0ad1d_2    conda-forge
webencodings              0.5.1                      py_1    conda-forge
werkzeug                  1.0.1              pyh9f0ad1d_0    conda-forge
wheel                     0.35.1             pyh9f0ad1d_0    conda-forge
widgetsnbextension        3.5.1            py37hc8dfbb8_4    conda-forge
wordcloud                 1.8.0            py37h60d8a13_0    conda-forge
wrapt                     1.11.2           py37h60d8a13_1    conda-forge
wurlitzer                 2.0.1                    py37_0  
xarray                    0.16.1                     py_0    conda-forge
xerces-c                  3.2.3                h0a0444a_1    conda-forge
xlrd                      1.2.0              pyh9f0ad1d_1    conda-forge
xlsxwriter                1.3.7              pyh9f0ad1d_0    conda-forge
xlwings                   0.20.8           py37hc8dfbb8_0    conda-forge
xlwt                      1.3.0                      py_1    conda-forge
xmltodict                 0.12.0                     py_0    conda-forge
xz                        5.2.5                haf1e3a3_1    conda-forge
yaml                      0.2.5                haf1e3a3_0    conda-forge
yapf                      0.30.0             pyh9f0ad1d_0    conda-forge
zc-lockfile               2.0                      pypi_0    pypi
zeromq                    4.3.3                hb1e8313_2    conda-forge
zfp                       0.5.5                hb1e8313_4    conda-forge
zict                      2.0.0                      py_0    conda-forge
zipp                      3.3.1                      py_0    conda-forge
zlib                      1.2.11            h7795811_1010    conda-forge
zope                      1.0                      py37_1  
zope.event                4.5.0              pyh9f0ad1d_0    conda-forge
zope.interface            5.1.2            py37h60d8a13_1    conda-forge
zstd                      1.4.5                h289c70a_2    conda-forge
